Useful website list:
1. For Javascript:  https://www.javascripttutorial.net/es6/
2. For Native React: https://reactnative.dev/docs/intro-react
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3. Environment Setup Guide for Mobile/Web App Development:
   a. Install Node.js (v20 or later): https://nodejs.org (.msi file)
   
   b. Install the global packages for React Native CLI and Expo CLI:
      i) Open terminal
      ii) npm install -g react-native-cli
      iii) npm install -g expo-cli
      iv) Check npm version: npm -v (Node Package Manager)

   c. Create Project Directory:
       i) Create a new directory for your project.
       ii) Open this directory in the terminal.
   
  d. Create Expo App:
     i)  npx create-expo-app --template

  e. Run the Program in Web
    •	Navigate to the project directory in the terminal.
    •	Run the following command to start the project on the web: 
      Terminal: npm start
  f.  Install Expo App on Phone
      •	Install the Expo Go app on your phone.
      •	Use the Expo Go app to scan the QR code generated by npm start to preview the app on your phone.

  g. Running the Project in VS Code
      After setting up your app, you can run and edit it in VS Code:
      •	Open VS Code, then click on File > Open Folder and select your project directory.
      •	Once the folder is open, you can edit files, write components, and use the terminal within VS Code to run commands.
      ________________________________________
  
  h. Debugging in VS Code
    •	To start debugging your app in VS Code, ensure you have the React Native Tools extension installed.
    •	You can use breakpoints and the integrated terminal to debug and inspect your app.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------




Summary of Steps: 
1. Install Node.js (v20 or later): https://nodejs.org (.msi file)
   
2. Install the global packages for React Native CLI and Expo CLI:
   
      i) Open terminal
      ii) npm install -g react-native-cli
      iii) npm install -g expo-cli
      iv) Check npm version: npm -v (Node Package Manager)

4. Install basic/empty project through CLI:
   a. npm install -g reactnative -cli
   b. npm install -g expo-cli
   
5. Project Installation:
   a.npx create-expo-app --template
   
7. Terminal: npm start
